* Wednesday, 07/24/24
** 20:06
I write this in the bathroom, as Aurora plays in her bathtub.

Work seems a bit messy lately. A big project was interrupted in the planning phase by the CTO, who suddenly demanded to cut scope and "just make it work" with our current architecture instead of a more gradual rewrite. John Schroeder seems a bit disheartened by the whole thing.

I'll have to read some docs on the project after Aurora goes to sleep tonight. I have to take the cats to the vet in the morning, so I need to do the reading tonight to prepare for a meeting tomorrow morning after the vet appointment.

Pooja convinced me that we should go month-to-month at on our lease. She also wants to go back to work sometime in the next 6 months, around the time Marcus is a year old. Our plan is to move to the Bay Area. We're both hoping that this move will be good for our career prospects, as well as for our mental well being.

We moved back to Clovis almost four years ago now. Originally, I had sworn that we would be here no longer than two years. Naïve, perhaps. (Took me awhile to figure out how to do that ï in Emacs by the way. ~C-x 8 " i~ as it turns out. How was I supposed to know that?) But I think it's time to go now. I realized that I was waiting for the "perfect" time, but Pooja helped me see that there will /never/ be a "perfect" time. At some point, we are just going to have to make a leap.

It helps that we've basically given up on buying a house any time soon.

For the first time in awhile, I feel excitement for the future. I've always hated living here in Clovis, so the idea of being out of here is something that has always given me comfort. While we're likely never going to be able to move back to Culver City (far too expensive for anything "family friendly" there), I wonder if the Bay will be better. No way to know except giving it a shot.

Still chipping away at two side projects: The "goals tracker" written in Golang and HTMX, and a roguelike game written with C# and Monogame. I've started/restarted the roguelike too many times to count at this point. Still, it's geniunely fun to work on. Who knows? Maybe this will be the one that sticks? (Probably not)

It's about time to get Aurora out of the tub. Based on my current schedule and amount of free time (that is, not much), I expect to be writing more of these entries while she takes a bath.
