* Tuesday, 10/01/24
** 00:35
I just finished playing Factorio with John Schroeder. I only meant to play until 11:00 PM or so, but now it's 12:30 AM and I've got work tomorrow (it's only Monday!)

John was fired two months ago now. I'm not entirely sure that I've processed that. I've been told that he was rude to the CTO, but I'm not sure how much I believe that. It seems wildly out of character for him.

Wisp does not feel the same without him, but I am glad that we have maintained a personal relationship. I'm not sure how long it will last, but I'm enjoying it now for what it is. It's nice to have a friend to play games with and socialize with on a regular basis. I don't have that with anyone else at the moment.

We've been playing Factorio every Thursday for a few weeks now. It's been the highlight of my week, in some ways. At least, it's the one thing I look forward to consistently. It doesn't quite compare to spending time with the kids, but it does scratch a different itch I suppose.

Part of me feels that I need to be more responsible; that I need to study during that time, or that I need to get better sleep rather than playing games. But I can't help but want to do this. I hope that this ultimately reduces the burnout I've been feeling with work and programming in general.

Work feels like an absolute slog these days. A lot of that is probably me missing John's presence, but it's probably more to do with me just burning out in general. I wish I could just quit. I wish I could just do nothing for a few months. But obviously, that can't happen. All I can do, it seems, it keep slogging through it.

These feelings probably require a longer journal entry, but for now, it's late. I need to try getting *some* sleep tonight. I genuinely can't believe I've been wanting to make a journal entry about John getting fired for /two months/ now, and I'm only getting around to it! I suppose I need to be much more consistent with this journaling thing. I'll just have to try harder I suppose.
