* Wednesday, 03/20/24
** 22:06
My son Marcus rolled over for the first time today. I was playing with him in the morning when it happened, so I got to see it myself (in fact, only I saw it; Pooja was making breakfast). He's growing up far too quickly for my liking. The first few months of his life have gone by far too quickly (though I'm very happy with his progress).

My paternal leave ends soon. I'll be back at work on April 1st. This time, too, has gone by faster than I would have liked. I am glad to have had the time I did with my family, but it hurts somewhat to know that I will most likely *never* get this long of a break to just spend time with them ever again.

I took two weeks off when Marcus was born, and am now taking six weeks off. I worked during Pooja's leave after my initial two weeks off were over. And I worked very, very hard. I constantly worked 12 hour days, and most weekends, in order to get a project done. The project (for Wisp, noting this in case I ever forget where I was working during this time) was migrating from the DoseSpot API V1 to V2. DoseSpot is a service we send prescriptions to, and they are killing off the V1 API in July of this year. Management apparently wanted to see "leadership" potential out of me on this project, and I have been arguing that I should be a "Senior" (L4) developer on their payscale for some time now. I worked under the impression that if this project went well, I would receive the promotion, and it it did not go well, I wouldn't. The employee review process is happening now, during my leave, so I won't know if I got the promotion until I go back. I'm not sure if I am feeling hopeful about it right now or not.

If I don't get the promotion, then I'll have missed all that time with my newborn son for nothing. If I do get it, was it worth it? He will never be that tiny, five pound baby that we brought home ever again. And since I had a vasectomy on February 23rd (still having some pains from that!), I won't ever have a newborn baby again. I feel immense sadness knowing that I spent that precious time working instead of supporting my beloved wife, daughter, and son. I have to tell myself that it was a neccessary risk; that I *had* to try my best to get the promotion, for their sakes. Since Pooja is no longer working, they are relying on my income alone. I have to be resilient, and bear the pain of not spending as much time with the people I love most, so that they can have the best lives possible. That's what I have to tell myself.

If I don't get the promotion, then I'll have to job search. I can't take the humiliation of not being considered a senior level developer at this company for one more year. I have done all they asked, and I frequently go above and beyond in my role (above and beyond people who *are* considered senior level, might I add). If they don't give me what I am rightfully owed, then it'll be time to move on. I wonder if I will even give them two weeks notice in that scenario. Practically, I should, but I'd be lying if I said that burning that bridge wouldn't feel great.

Even if I do get it, it's probably time to move on. I want to try for a big tech job (terrible timing, I know, they all just did huge layoffs). I want to be the best I can be at what I do, and what better way to work at some of the best of the best companies there are? I am nowhere near where I need to be to interview at these places though. I've begun studying (re-studying I suppose) Data Stuctures and Algorithms, and I have a few side project ideas that should improve my resume. It will take great time and effort to rise from where I am to where I want to be, but I have to believe that I can do it.

This entry is far longer that it should be, so I'd better stop here. I'll end by saying that I am curious to see what happens with work when I return. I am *especially* curious to know how I will feel reading back this entry in the future, when I know if I'm getting the promotion or not. I suppose there's nothing for it now but to wait. To my future self, I envy you for knowing, one way or another. I don't envy you for being a few weeks older than me though!
